Hi Swamy,

Can you please update in the CIR website(upcoming presenters page) for the upcoming feb presentation? Below are the details

Presenter Name: Krishna Kamisetty

Topic -  Large language models and Data
Topic covers overview of LLMs, RAG, Data Analysis use cases, suggested reading and QA

Overview -
A LLAM 2 model generated quick summary about me.

With over 17 years of experience in IT consulting and a proven track record of delivering business process innovation and cost savings, I possess a unique blend of technical and leadership skills. My expertise spans systems architecture, web and mobile application architecture, Agile practices, CI/CD pipelines, SAP HANA data warehouse implementation, and technical leadership.

In my current role at Lockheed Martin since 2014, I have successfully led various initiatives that have generated significant business value. I created a new business technical capability using SAP HANA and Artificial Intelligence techniques, empowering cross-functional processes and affecting change through Aero Vision analytics application. I also implemented DevSecOps and DataOps concepts, automating SAP BODS build and deployment, and adopted the same process for Tableau and BOE, resulting in a new Aero DataOps team.

Additionally, I led a Robotic Process Automation trade study, mentored initial teams, and implemented and knowledge transferred first CELONIS process mining models. I also implemented Infrastructure as code (IaC) and automated installations using Terraform and Ansible, saving 90% of new environments provisioning and installation effort on AWS.

My recent certifications include UT Austin's Post Graduate Program in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning for Business Applications 2021, Udacity AI Product Manager 2022, UC - MBSE 2022, and Generative AI for Business with MSFT Azure OpenAI Program 2023.

I am a results-driven professional with a passion for leveraging technology to drive business process innovation and growth. I am committed to staying at the forefront of the latest technologies and best practices.





Santosh Chaganti
